# What went well

Rick - A lot that got accomplished this week. Take apart the structure when we’re parsing terms in the Javascript module. Pairing with Tim and Josh. Getting a bit more confidence when manipulating cofree structures.

Tim - Feel like we’re in a good place for next staff-ship. Knowing that there will be a few more design iterations. Fixed a number of remaining issues. A bit of UI polish on the .com side. Felt like it was a good week for pairing.

Josh - Pairing, performance improvements were straightforward and pointed the way to further improvements.

# What didn’t go well

Rick - Hitting a weird source slicing error when adding import statements. Feels like navigating the project or adding features is a sometimes a back and forth with current mental model.

Tim - Felt like it was a slow week, out Monday and feeling sick. Would appreciate a concrete list of things to dive into next.

Josh - Sick for the first half of the week. Wished there was lower hanging frut in terms of performance.

# What did we learn

Rick - Reading a book called Thinking like a Mathematician. An overview of how to think in proofs. Understanding universal quantification has shed light on equational reasoning. How simple the hspec-expectations module is, and what improvements could be made.

Tim - From pairing with Rick, learned about extracting and unwrapping data structures. Dealing with and extracting things from cofree. Learning about Ripper and s-expressions.

Josh - The curse of dimensionality will end us.

# Other things

It’s probably more important to get a Ruby parser now whether it’s in Haskell, Javascript, or Ripper output, than whether or not users can contribute to it.