# Semantic Diff Problems (Mini-Summit)

### Performance (most significant problem)

  - SES / Alignment are biggest time / space consumers.
  - Profiling small subsets of code   paths rather than the full context.
  - Adding more criterion benchmarks for code paths not currently profiled (like Diff Summaries).

##### Alignment performance

  - Has to visit each child of each remaining line.

##### [SES](https://github.com/github/semantic-diff/files/22485/An.O.ND.Difference.Algorithm.and.its.Variations.pdf) Performance

  - n^3 the size of the tree.
  - Can try bounded SES (looks ahead by a fixed size of nodes).
  - Identify more comparisons we can skip (i.e. don't compare functions with array literals).
  - Does not look like there are more easy wins here (algorithm is already implemented to prevent unnecessary comparisions).
  - In some cases, the diffing is expensive because we don't have more fine-grain identifiers for certain diffs. (e.g. a test file with 100 statement expressions).
  - Diffing against identifiers (use the edit distance to determine whether to compare terms with SES or not).
  - This could result in us missing a function rename though.
  - Not a catchall, but it can help increase performance in a larger number of cases.

##### [RWS](https://github.com/github/semantic-diff/files/325837/RWS-Diff.Flexible.and.Efficient.Change.Detection.in.Hierarchical.Data.pdf) Performance

  - Random Walk Similarity.
  - computes approximation to the minimal edit script.
  - O(log N) rather than O(n^3).
  - RWS does not rely on identifiers.
  - RWS solves our performance problem in the general form.
  - Can allow us to diff patches of patches (something we cannot do currently with our implementation of SES).

##### Diff summaries performance

  - Performance of DS is dependent on diffing (Diff Terms, Interpreter, cost functions)

### Failing too hard

  - Request is not completing if Semantic Diff fails.
  - How can we fail better on dotcom?
  - How can we fail better when parsing? (both in Semantic Diff and dotcom)

### Responsiveness

  - Async fetch diff summaries / diffs / progressive diffs or diff summaries

### Improving grammars

  - Fix Ruby parser.
  - Testing and verifying other grammars.

### Measure effectiveness of grammars

### Tooling

  - Why isn't parallelization of SES having the expected effect?
  - Should focus on low hanging fruit   but we're not going to write a debugger.

### Time limitations with respect to solutions and team

### Ramp up time is extremely variable.

### Onboarding

  - Pairing has been fantastic.
  - SES algorithm requires some context and background to understand the code at the general / macro level.
  - Plan a bit before pairing to gain context.

### Pre-launch Ideas

  - Test on a couple file server nodes and run semantic diff on javascript repos.
  - Collect repos, files, shas that contain error nodes to gain a % of error rates and expose errors in tree sitter grammars.
  - If sources have errors, can we use a parser that validates the source is correct?
  - Configure a script that is as language independent as possible that can automate the error collection process but allows us to specify an independent validating parser for each language.
