# Planning Meeting June 1, 2016

## Observations

@robrix:

	- Since Alignment Diff PR was merged, it offers a good chance to step back and look at what would be most valuable in support of Diff Summaries and the 90 day goals.
	- Want to triage Diff Summaries and if we should be reprioritizing staff shipping Semantic Diff now that Alignment is merged.

@joshvera:

	- Reviewed open issues to prepare for planning meeting while evaluating how they fit into our milestones.
	- Thinking about how we can ensure resilience if Semantic Diff times out, or fails and having fall back to traditional diffing.
	- Also thinking about how to ensure Semantic Diff can render correctly.

## Focus Points

	- Update semantic diff sha in github/github so semantic diff can be updated in github local development environments [PR](https://github.com/github/github/pull/56240)
	- Improving Diff Summaries (performance and structure)
	- Profiling and algorithm improvements to SES (Performance label)
	- Fix Ruby Parser
	- Unicorn Timeouts (algorithmic improvement, better fallback (should probably be driven by workflow tools))
	- Benchmarking
	- Other Features: detecting and rendering moves (as part of DotCom milestone)

## Plan

@robrix & @joshvera:

	- Rob to set aside Benchmarking for now, focus on profiling (pair with Rick).
	- Josh and Rick to pair on Diff Summary performance while Rob is out.
	- Have Rick take a look at the Unicorn timeouts (involving some profiling to identify where things are slowest).
	- Rob on vacation starting Tuesday June 7th (for 10 days)
	- Schedule mini-summit for week of June 20th.
	- Longer term planning including solidifying a road map will be held at the mini-summit.
