# June 27th, 2016 weekly

## What went well?

@joshvera: Pairing, minisummitting, RWS discussions.

@rewinfrey: Pairing, context on recursion schemes, started independent work on the project, minisummitting. Defined what to work on next 

@robrix: Minisummit: got to know both of you better & really enjoyed that. Before that I was on vacation but you both did a great job!


## What went less well?

@joshvera: Lots more problems turned up. Lots of stuff that has taken on more importance as we’ve thought about it more. Feel like I could’ve made more progress on diff summaries by now. Some of that has been minisummit, some of that has been every time we do more work on it there seems to be new layers peeling off exposing other issues & more work needing to be done.

@rewinfrey: Maybe I’m overly optimistic but I don’t have anything to point to that I didn’t think went well. The challenges we identified during minisummit felt like a good sign of the project moving forward.

@robrix: Ditto. May end up being a bit distracted over the next couple of weeks figuring out some stuff re: summit & my attendance of it.


## What did you learn?

@joshvera: Type ∋ Type isn’t as easy as it sounds. Learned about you both too!

@rewinfrey: Learned about you both. Recursion schemes! Relationships between algebras & projections, coalgebras & embeddings, and recursion-scheme’s `Base` type family. Further explored some other morphisms. RWS (albeit misreading some of it).

@robrix: Learned about you both! RWS. Some stuff about derivative-parsing. Learned a lot about communication too.


## Anything else?

@joshvera: Out Thursday/Friday.

@rewinfrey: Josh, how did the blue suit fit? (“Really well.”)

@robrix: Canada Day on Friday. You’re both invited to celebrate it as well, by being as Canadian as possible.
