# May 31th, 2016

NB: On Tuesday this week since Monday was Memorial Day.

## Agenda

1. Retrospective on last week:
	- What went well?
	- What was challenging?
	- What did you learn?


## What went well?

@joshvera:

- Diff summaries merged.
- Introduced a new prelude.
- Pairing with Rick.
- Alignment!

@rewinfrey:

- Pairing with Josh.
- Was at MoonConf and enjoyed the conference.
- Almost finished with Haskell Tic Tac Toe.

@robrix:

- Alignment resolved!
- Getting diff summaries merged.


## What was challenging?

@joshvera:

- Didn't make as much progress on the structure of diff summaries as desired.

@rewinfrey:

- Continuing to adjust to the project.
- Hit an edge case in Minimax that is tricky.

@robrix:

- Not sure why the line approach in alignment solved the problem.
- In stack 1.1 you cannot rely on it rebuilding internal packages (must clean and rebuild semantic diff tool)


## What did you learn?

@joshvera:

- Learned about the different types of preludes.
- Learned about an extension in GHC 8.0 that introduces Applicative Do syntax, but is tricky to use in parallel computations because of the order of executation.

@rewinfrey:

- Learned about different recursion schemes (zygotmorphism
- The transition from thinking about function application to thinking about function composition was an eye-opener.
- Understanding a lot more about why certain shapes are advantageous.
- http://livestream.com/accounts/16500216/events/5467460 (first video)
    - Greg Pfeil's talk: 02:24 Recursion Where FP Hits Bottom
    - Amar Shah's talk: 04:24 Point Free or Die
    - Ashley Powell's talk: 05:57 Negotiating Salary for Women in Tech
    - Patrick Thomson's talk: 06:25 Bracer: Transforming Real-World Languages with Coproducts and Recursion Schemes

@robrix:

- Learned a lot about GHCi debugging.
- Remembered to question assumptions, specifically about alignment property tests that were throwing results off.
- Using Arbitrary for purposes other than QuickCheck.


## Other Items

@robrix:

- Planning this week about the timeline for staffshipping diff summaries.
- Planning for a possible mini-summit in late June.
